=== Boards

==== *[GET]* /boards/{boardId}/comments
댓글 목록 조회 (`Pagination`)

===== Request Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/get-comments_success/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Sample
include::{snippets}/get-comments_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Response Body Fields
include::{snippets}/get-comments_success/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Sample
include::{snippets}/get-comments_success/http-response.adoc[]



==== *[POST]* /boards/{boardId}/comments
댓글 생성

===== Request Body Fields
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_origin_success/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Request Sample 1: 댓글 생성 성공 > 원글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_origin_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Request Sample 2: 댓글 생성 성공 > 원글에 대한 댓글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_reply_for_origin_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Request Sample 3: 댓글 생성 성공 > 댓글에 대한 댓글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_reply_for_reply_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Response Body Fields
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_origin_success/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Sample 1: 댓글 생성 성공 > 원글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_origin_success/http-response.adoc[]

===== Response Sample 2: 댓글 생성 성공 > 원글에 대한 댓글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_reply_for_origin_success/http-response.adoc[]

===== Response Sample 3: 댓글 생성 성공 > 댓글에 대한 댓글
include::{snippets}/create-comment_hierarchy_reply_for_reply_success/http-response.adoc[]



==== *[PUT]* /boards/{boardId}/comments/{commentId}
댓글 수정

===== Request Path Variables
include::{snippets}/update-comment_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Body Fields
include::{snippets}/update-comment_success/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Request Sample
include::{snippets}/update-comment_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Response Body Fields
include::{snippets}/update-comment_success/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Sample
include::{snippets}/update-comment_success/http-response.adoc[]



==== *[DELETE]* /boards/{boardId}/comments/{commentId}
댓글 삭제

===== Request Path Variables
include::{snippets}/delete-comment_success/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Sample
include::{snippets}/delete-comment_success/http-request.adoc[]

===== Response Body Fields
include::{snippets}/delete-comment_success/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Sample
include::{snippets}/delete-comment_success/http-response.adoc[]
